IfcTendon can be used for prestress and post-tension (#1001)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/domain/IfcStructuralElementsDomain/Entities/IfcTendon.md

# IfcTendon

> A tendon is a steel element such as a wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand used to impart a compressive force to concrete when the element is given a tensile stress (prestressed or post-tensioned).

Reviewer: Definition according to ISO 6707-1: "steel bar(s) or groups of bars, strands or wires given a tensile stress that produces a compressive stress in prestressed concrete or masonry."

In line with ISO 704:2022 6.5.2, a definition should not repeat the term it is defining, so it shouldn't start with "a tendon". 

Let's rename to sth like:
"A wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand, usually made of steel, with a tensile stress applied to produce a compressive stress in prestressed or post-tensioned concrete or masonry."

Author: > In line with ISO 704:2022 6.5.2, a definition should not repeat the term it is defining, so it shouldn't start with "a tendon".

Makes sense - I will update accordingly.

> Let's rename to sth like: "A wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand, usually made of steel, with a tensile stress applied to produce a compressive stress in prestressed or post-tensioned concrete or masonry."

I am ok with this (and makes sense to align with ISO definition) except that the original comments reflects clarification required between the terms `force` and `stress`.  As I understand it, a force is applied and produces a stress.  So it should be `...with a tensile force applied to produce a compressive stress...`.

@RickBrice is the suggested revision in line with your original comment and reference to AASHTO terminology?

Reviewer 2: I think it can be stated like this:

A tendon is a steel element such as a wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand with a tensile force applied to produce a compressive stress in a concrete or masonry element.

> A tendon is a steel element such as a wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand used to impart a compressive force to concrete when the element is given a tensile stress (prestressed or post-tensioned).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A tendon is a steel element, such as a wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand, that is tensioned to produce compressive stress in a concrete or masonry element, typically in prestressed or post-tensioned construction.
```

Reviewer 3: Keeping the best of the existing and new suggestions: describing tendon’s tensioning effect more precisely; broadening the wording to include both concrete and masonry applications.

> A tendon is a steel element such as a wire, cable, bar, rod, or strand used to impart compressive strength to concrete when the element is given a tensile stress (prestressed or post-tensioned).

Author: Agree - revised in e28e96a25ab38f47a44a59599bffb8ce0aef06d3.
